com/matrix/filmfinder/FilmfinderApplication.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.FilmfinderApplication
com/matrix/filmfinder/services/FilmFinderUserDetails.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.services.FilmFinderUserDetails
com/matrix/filmfinder/model/Rate.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.model.Rate
com/matrix/filmfinder/controller/WishlistController.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.controller.WishlistController
com/matrix/filmfinder/controller/CommentController.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.controller.CommentController
com/matrix/filmfinder/model/Blacklist.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.model.Blacklist
com/matrix/filmfinder/message/RateMessage.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.message.RateMessage
com/matrix/filmfinder/dao/WishlistRepository.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.dao.WishlistRepository
com/matrix/filmfinder/dao/BlacklistRepository.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.dao.BlacklistRepository
com/matrix/filmfinder/model/User.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.model.User
com/matrix/filmfinder/controller/CommentLikeController.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.controller.CommentLikeController
com/matrix/filmfinder/controller/RateController.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.controller.RateController
com/matrix/filmfinder/services/FilmFinderUserDetailService.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.services.FilmFinderUserDetailService
com/matrix/filmfinder/ExceptionHandler/RestExceptionHandler.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.ExceptionHandler.RestExceptionHandler
com/matrix/filmfinder/message/CommentMessage.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.message.CommentMessage
com/matrix/filmfinder/message/WishlistMessageImpl.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.message.WishlistMessageImpl
com/matrix/filmfinder/webSecurity/SecurityConfigure.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.webSecurity.SecurityConfigure
com/matrix/filmfinder/dao/CommentLikeRepository.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.dao.CommentLikeRepository
com/matrix/filmfinder/model/CommentLike.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.model.CommentLike
com/matrix/filmfinder/controller/BlacklistController.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.controller.BlacklistController
com/matrix/filmfinder/dao/UserRepository.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.dao.UserRepository
com/matrix/filmfinder/dao/CommentRepository.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.dao.CommentRepository
com/matrix/filmfinder/controller/UserController.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.controller.UserController
com/matrix/filmfinder/model/Comment.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.model.Comment
com/matrix/filmfinder/dao/RateRepository.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.dao.RateRepository
com/matrix/filmfinder/controller/MovieController.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.controller.MovieController
com/matrix/filmfinder/model/Wishlist.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.model.Wishlist
com/matrix/filmfinder/message/WishlistMessage.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.message.WishlistMessage
com/matrix/filmfinder/message/CommentMessageInterface.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.message.CommentMessageInterface
com/matrix/filmfinder/model/Movie.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.model.Movie
com/matrix/filmfinder/dao/MovieRepository.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.dao.MovieRepository
com/matrix/filmfinder/services/FilmFinderAuthenticationProvider.java
 com.matrix.filmfinder.services.FilmFinderAuthenticationProvider
